Update builtinfunction-date-and-time.md (#480)
OutSystems/docs-product: src/ref/lang/auto/builtinfunction-date-and-time.md

</tbody>
</table>

## Daylight Saving Time 

> Date and Time manipulations on the client-side rely on the JavaScript Date object. During Daylight Saving Time (DST) transitions, adding/subtracting time units might lead to unexpected results. For instance, if you subtract 60 minutes from 2025-03-30 02:00:00 (a common DST start date), the expected result of 2025-03-30 01:00:00 might not exist in the local time zone. In such cases, because the Daylight Saving Time transition, means that 01:00:00 never actually occurs (the clock skips directly from 00:59:59 to 02:00:00), the JavaScript engine automatically adjusts the Date object, potentially resulting in the original time (2025-03-30 02:00:00) instead of the arithmetically expected 01:00:00, which doesn't exist in the local timezone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Date and Time manipulations on the client-side rely on the JavaScript Date object.. During Daylight Saving Time (DST) transitions, adding or subtracting time units can lead to unexpected results. For instance, if you subtract 60 minutes from 2025-03-30 02:00:00, a common DST start date, the expected outcome of 2025-03-30 01:00:00 does not exist in the local time zone. In such cases, the JavaScript engine automatically adjusts the Date object, resulting in the original time  02:00:00 instead of the logically expected 01:00:00, but a non-existent time.
```
